NAME                                            CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
livekit-connection-optimizer-75497b8ffd-2zphg   1m           3Mi             
livekit-connection-optimizer-75497b8ffd-djz7m   1m           3Mi             
livekit-connection-optimizer-75497b8ffd-drlbx   1m           3Mi             
livekit-connection-optimizer-75497b8ffd-tgj5r   1m           3Mi             
livekit-egress-659f5c8796-4fhjs                 2m           18Mi            
livekit-egress-659f5c8796-5r4hv                 2m           18Mi            
livekit-egress-659f5c8796-6xnqz                 2m           18Mi            
livekit-egress-659f5c8796-hmqf2                 2m           19Mi            
livekit-egress-659f5c8796-phj6b                 2m           18Mi            
livekit-egress-659f5c8796-q6xgw                 2m           18Mi            
livekit-egress-659f5c8796-td2pt                 2m           18Mi            
livekit-egress-659f5c8796-vr4fx                 2m           18Mi            
livekit-ingress-7d8cfb6c7b-9fc6l                1m           7Mi             
livekit-ingress-7d8cfb6c7b-bgb6g                1m           7Mi             
livekit-ingress-7d8cfb6c7b-dzv8p                1m           7Mi             
livekit-ingress-7d8cfb6c7b-l6djb                1m           7Mi             
livekit-ingress-7d8cfb6c7b-mxfhj                1m           7Mi             
livekit-ingress-7d8cfb6c7b-n5ssd                1m           7Mi             
livekit-ingress-7d8cfb6c7b-r4pxn                1m           8Mi             
livekit-ingress-7d8cfb6c7b-t2t4r                1m           7Mi             
livekit-livekit-server-7cdd8c6b84-75vkg         2m           161Mi           
livekit-livekit-server-7cdd8c6b84-8hrzv         3m           130Mi           
livekit-livekit-server-7cdd8c6b84-8svmm         2m           33Mi            
livekit-livekit-server-7cdd8c6b84-dl7kh         2m           184Mi           
livekit-livekit-server-7cdd8c6b84-hm655         3m           120Mi           
livekit-livekit-server-7cdd8c6b84-kqxsx         2m           141Mi           
livekit-livekit-server-7cdd8c6b84-vjncv         3m           40Mi            
livekit-livekit-server-7cdd8c6b84-vlc49         3m           88Mi            
livekit-livekit-server-7cdd8c6b84-vm22v         3m           92Mi            
livekit-livekit-server-7cdd8c6b84-xcbdr         3m           82Mi            
redis-cluster-0                                 7m           6Mi             
redis-cluster-1                                 8m           7Mi             
redis-cluster-2                                 7m           7Mi             
